ui <- fluidPage(
  
  h4(class = "articles-text", 
     "This text will introduce concepts about practical ethical issues in data 
  science by exploring topics such as privacy and accountability. Biases in 
  data will also be touched upon."),
  
  h2(class = "articles-header", "Introduction"),
  h4(class = "articles-text", 
     "The exponential increase in data volume and technological advancement has 
  brought new challenges for both Data Scientists and organizations, particularly 
  regarding legal and ethical considerations. Ethical considerations extend to 
  data collection, privacy, and model deployment, bringing challenges in 
  data-driven decision-making and emphasizing the necessity for algorithmic 
  transparency. Although progress has been made, challenges persist and require 
  standardized ethical guidelines."),
  
  h2(class = "articles-header", "Data Ethics & Privacy (GDPR)"),
  h4(class = "articles-text", 
     "With data often tied to human information, there is a growing awareness of the
  ethical implications associated with its processing. Consequently, strict
  adherence to a global ethical code, coupled with compliance with regulations
  such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is imperative to protect 
  the rights and freedom of each person. The non-compliance of these ethical 
  principles and regulations carries legal consequences and reputational damage 
  for both individuals and organizations."),
  br(),
  br(),
  h4(class = "articles-text", 
     "Specifically, the 4th, 5th, and 9th articles of GDPR hold significant 
  importance for the daily work of a data scientist, guiding decisions on 
  personal data collection and storage. The 4th Article defines personal data 
  and processing, the 5th Article outlines seven principles regulating personal
  data processing, and the 9th Article declares situations where the processing
  of personal data is prohibited. Additionally, the 6th Article specifies 
  conditions for lawful processing of personal data. Beyond those three articles, 
  the 6th Article specifies the conditions that processing personal data is 
  considered lawful. Bellow, these GDPR articles are detailed."),
  
  h2(class = "articles-header", "Accountability"),
  h4(class = "articles-text", 
     "Accountability in Data Science projects is multifaceted and encompasses 
  the development, deployment, and ongoing management phases of a system. 
  This responsibility is shared among Data Scientists, organizations, regulators, 
  and policymakers. Data scientists ensure ethical practices, organizations 
  cultivate responsible cultures, and regulators establish legal frameworks. 
  Overall, the collective efforts aim to align ethical standards and fair 
  decision-making expectations.")
  
)
